- Hey, what do you say we both
jump in and not look back?
- Debby,
I have a cat at home.
- Fair enough.
You know,
before I let you go,
I wouldn't feel right
if I didn't mention
our expanded security extended
warranty one more time.
- You know what?
Let's do it.
- Great! I'll update
the agreement and email you.
- Hey, Debby, have you seen
that 2020 blue Scimitar--
- I'm with a customer.
Why don't you check the lot,
Vicky?
- Good--yeah--good--thank you.
Okay.
- I mean, if she doesn't know
where it is, why would I?
You're gonna love that Sun Gem,
and I hope you enjoyed
your experience with me.
Would you say it was
a five out of five stars?
- Um, yeah.
Yes.
- Great! I'd consider
anything less a failure,
and so would Jupiter.
You might be contacted
to participate in a survey.
It'd mean the world to me if
you gave me five out of five.
- Great.
Well, thanks for the help.
- You bet.
Don't forget,
five out of five.
- Got it.
- Good.
- Hello?
- Hi, Jacob.
Congratulations
on your new Jupiter Sun Gem.
We'd love you to take a brief
survey about your experience--
- Sorry.
Forgot to give this to you.
It's a paper copy
of the survey
in case you're an old-fashioned
kind of guy.
- Yes. Thank you, Debby.
Bye.
- Five out of five!
Five out of five.
- Can you believe
it's only been six months
since your last
performance review?
Wow. Where to begin?
I guess,
let's start at the top.
Your hair is disgusting.
Everybody can tell
you're using
shampoo-conditioner combo.
Moving down the skull,
you're starting to get
bags under your eyes like Jake,
and it's making harder
to tell you apart.
- On a positive note,
you are not a fraud,
but that's only because
you failed to fool anyone
into thinking
you are remotely competent.
On a negative note,
you're an absolute fool.
And you're checking your phone
in the middle
of a performance review.
- Your knees
are knobby as all hell,
just two big,
horrifying knobs.
I'd turn them, but I'm afraid
what lurks behind those doors.
I'll skip
your splinty shins for now,
but we both know
your toes are weird,
and last but not least,
we know from our screen
monitoring program
you've been watching
movies at work.
And you have terrible taste.
In summation, your job
is hanging by a thread,
and you're living
in a scissors factory.
- Well, John,
some of those adjectives
will haunt me
for the rest of my life.
- Right.
- You clearly put
a lot of thought into that,
so...
good job.
- Sorry, you're telling me
that I did a good job
on your performance review?
- Yeah?
- Great.
Thank you, Matt.
I did do a good job.
And hey,
all that stuff about your job
hanging by a thread,
you know I'm just
trying to motivate you, right?
I mean, if the lion tamer
doesn't crack the whip,
the lions start thinking
he doesn't have a whip.
You catch my drift?
I don't know if you've ever
seen lions
turn on their master,
but there's a reason that
I stopped watching lion videos.
- That's a really effective
analogy, John.
Good job.
- Great.
- "Hi, Jacob,
it's been three days
"since you purchased
your Sun Gem,
"and Jupiter hasn't received
your survey results yet.
"As you know,
anything less than a five
is seen as failure."
- Why don't you just
fill out the survey?
It'll take ten seconds.
- Every day,
there's some new bullshit
for me to rate and review.
It's driving me insane.
- I feel guilty if I don't give
everyone positive feedback.
I give all my Lyft drivers
five stars,
even the racist ones.
- Knock, knock.
Hey, Matt,
I remember that you've got
a sharp eye for graphic design,
so I was wondering
what you think of the font
on the heading here.
Let's get you down here, buddy.
- Um, looks fine.
Just fine?
Or...
- Um, I mean,
it looks great.
Good job, John.
- Great.
Oh. Having trouble deciding
what you're gonna watch?
- No, I wasn't--
- Easy answer.
The doc about those Thai boys
who got stuck
in that evil cave.
I rated it a must-see.
You do remember the Thai boys,
don't you, Matt?
Oh, dear Christ, you haven't
forgotten the Thai boys?
- Oh, no, yeah, I remember
reading about those guys.
Um, I just don't have
a cable login, so--
- Well, no one does, Matt.
Well,
except my wife's grandfather.
He died, but his cable
subscription lives on.
Nice little windfall
for the wife and me.
I'll give you the password.
Go ahead, write this down.
Jake, earmuffs.
The password
is "JakeEarmuffs."
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Jake, what are you doing
with your hands?
It's not winter.
- They told me I was shy
in my performance review.
You know the synonyms for shy?
I looked them up.
Meek, reticent,
sheepish, mousy.
How can I be a sheep
and a mouse?
- You aren't shy.
Someone calls you shy,
it just means they don't know
anything about you.
It's like when someone
gives you a candle as a gift.
- Yeah.
- Didn't you get me a candle
for my birthday?
- Yeah, but that's because
you're a sheepish candle mouse.
No. You don't get to know
how I feel about you.
- Sorry about him.
I think
you're doing a good job.
- Whoa, no, you don't.
This is on me.
- Oh, thanks, John.
- Let's do a working lunch.
- Okay.
- At this point,
I wouldn't be surprised
if Debby showed up at my house
with a gun.
- That's why I use
a fake address
when I buy
literally everything.
- Doesn't that make it hard
to get deliveries?
- Yeah.
It's ruining my life.
- Uh-oh. I haven't said
a word in ten minutes.
No one seems to have noticed.
Of course, they haven't.
They think I'm shy,
and I'm sitting here
giving them mountains
of evidence.
If only I could find an in.
- What about you, Grace?
- Um...I--
- Oh, did I tell you guys
about the survey
I had to do about a survey?
- No.
- Here likes Grace,
who was shy.
No, no,
that's too much for me.
Mine will be
an unmarked grave.
- All right,
one more.
Go ahead
and give me your worst.
I really shit the bed on this.
- No, John,
I think you did a good job.
I didn't shit the bed.
- Good job, John.
- Great.
Okay, three-pointer.
Damn it.
Okay, recalibrate.
Open wider.
- Ah!
- Let me get
pitcher's stance on this.
You gotta call the pitch, Matt.
Uh-uh.
I want to toss something funky.
I'm Randy Johnson,
and you're that poor bird.
- Hello?
- Hello, Jacob,
and congratulations
on your new Jupiter Sun Gem.
We'd love to get your feedback
on your experience.
- Hi, Jacob.
It's your pal Debby Deberson,
just checking in about
that survey.
- Hello, Jacob,
and congratulations
on your new Jupiter Sun Gem.
- Hi, Jacob.
Guess who?
It's Debby.
Don't make me beg
for a five out of five.
- Hi, Jacob.
- What are you doing
at my house?
- It's been a week.
You still haven't
filled out that survey.
I was worried
something happened to you.
But, you know, luckily I had
your address in the paperwork.
You know, I really need
that five out of five.
- You want me
to take the survey, Debby?
Fine.
I'll take the survey.
- Thank you.
- "On a scale of one to five,
how would you rate your overall
customer experience?"
Mmm...
Four.
"On a scale of one to five,
"how likely are you to purchase
or lease a car
from us in the future?"
I would say four.
- Jacob, don't do this.
- "On a scale of one to five,
how would you rate your
salesperson Debby Deberson?"
Oh, God, another tough one.
Maybe four out of five,
and submit.
- Whoa. Are you okay?
- Do you understand
what you've done?
- I just gave you four stars.
That's a solid B-minus.
- You just put
a target on my back,
and my front!
You have no idea what
these people are capable of!
I should give you one star
as a person, you bitch!
- Too bad
there isn't a survey for that.
It's been two days,
and so far,
no emails, no calls,
and no texts.
After she left,
I burned all the surveys
they mailed me on my stove.
Was it a little?
Yes.
And that's why it felt so good.
- I don't know.
Four out of five
is pretty harsh.
You might as well
have given her a one.
- Hey, Jake, you seen Matt?
- I haven't.
Sorry.
- Hold on.
I'd recognize
that knobby knee anywhere.
Matt!
Look at you,
holed up down here
like a little Thai boy.
You sure have grown
since you went in the cave.
Come on.
You did watch the doc, right?
- Yes, John, and good job
on the recommendation.
So what do you need?
- Well, since you loved
those Thai boys so much,
what do you think
of this boy's tie?
- I really have a lot of work
to do, John.
- That can wait.
Tell me what you think.
Honest feedback.
- You know what?
I don't like it.
You look like Mr. Peanut,
even more than usual.
This time,
you did a bad job.
- Great.
- I'm proud of you, Matt.
You just gave John
a four out of five.
- This is it,
easy win for Gracedog.
All I have to do
is tell him "goodnight."
A shy person wouldn't do that,
but I will,
'cause I'm not a shy mouse.
I'm a bull,
a big, proud bull
with a big, fat mouth
and a golden nose ring.
Here we go!
Good...
night.
- Security.
- You think
I was too hard on John?
I did really like
that Thai boys doc.
I watched it twice.
- Mr. Engelbertson?
Phone call.
- Hello?
- Matt, I need to see you
in my office immediately.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- I'll talk to you tomorrow.
John wants to see me.
- Hi, Jacob.
- I already took
the damn survey.
- Oh, we received your survey.
Your feedback
was very helpful.
I'm calling to let you know
that we've dealt
with the situation.
- Oh.
What does that mean?
- Customer satisfaction
is our number one priority.
That's why
you can rest assured
that Debby Deberson
will never sell
another Sun Gem...
ever again.
- Wow. All right.
Nice to know the system works,
I guess.
- Thank you for your time.
- Hey, John,
about earlier,
I was too hard
on your bowtie.
- No, Matt.
You were right.
I got cocky,
and tried
to pull off a bold new look.
And I made an ass of myself.
I was a very bad, bad,
stupid boy.
And you helped me see that.
So I made a big change
that's gonna help
the both of us.
This is your new desk.
You're a harsh mistress, Matt.
Well, technically a Matt-tress.
A firm mattress.
And I need you
to straighten me out
because I don't trust
my chiropractor,
that fucking crook.
- John,
I'm at a loss for words.
- Great.
We're staying late tonight.
We're gonna be holed up here
like those Thai boys,
except this time,
there will be no meddling
Navy SEAL here to rescue us.
Take a seat.
- Debby,
what did you do to Jacob?
- Nothing!
- He gave you a four.
- Four out of five
is a solid B-minus.
- It might as well
have been a one,
and you know that.
- Please!
Give me another chance!
- This is for Jacob.
- No!
- Debby's not dead.
Just being paranoid.
- Jacob Levinson?
Agent Roman, FBI.
Did you purchase
a Sun Gem from that woman?
- Aren't there usually
just two agents?
- That's actually
a very hurtful stereotype.
- You may not realize it,
but what you just said
is racist.
- Whatever this is,
it must be pretty serious
for five FBI agents to show up.
- I'm sorry I'm late.
- Jacob, you purchased your car
from Debby Deberson.
Is that correct?
- Yes.
- And overall,
how would you rate
your car-buying experience?
- Okay,
what the hell is going on?
Do you guys work for Jupiter?
- Jacob,
Debby Deberson is missing.
- When did you last see her?
- A few days ago.
She came to my house.
- So she was here.
- Yeah, she kept harassing me
to take some stupid survey,
I gave her four out of five,
and then she left.
- Jesus Christ, you must've
really hated this lady.
- What did she do to you?
- Four out of five
is a solid B-minus.
- It's our understanding
that anything less than a five
might as well be a one.
- You guys don't think
she's dead, do you?
- On the record,
we don't know.
Off the record...
- We still really aren't sure.
- So now I'm worried
that Jupiter killed her
or something.
That's crazy, right?
I mean,
there's plenty of reasons
the FBI could be involved.
I mean,
maybe she's secretly
a criminal mastermind
or something.
- Say something, Grace.
Contribute
to the conversation.
- What do you guys think?
- I think she's dead.
And it's because of you.
I broke the seal!
Now keep those lips flapping.
A four out of five
is a death sentence.
There's dead Debby blood
all over your hideous,
hairy hands.
You're killing it, Grace!
Bonus points for alliteration.
- I don't know about that.
- Yeah, I'm sure
there's a perfectly
reasonable explanation.
- Tell that to Debby.
Oh, wait.
You can't.
Because she's dead.
Jupiter did
what they had to do.
Jake just gave them the push.
You were born to shine.
- So anybody watch
that Thai boys doc?
- Hey, Kate?
John thinks
I'm in the bathroom,
so I don't have much time.
You know him pretty well,
right?
- Well, we've worked
side by side for 19 years,
so...no.
I've done
everything in my power
to avoid getting to know John.
Do you think I haven't noticed
what's been going on?
This is the freest
I have felt in years!
John is finally
leaving me alone.
He's got you now.
Today,
I read an article at lunch,
a full article.
- How do I make it stop?
- Oh, that's easy.
Just go back in time,
steal him from his crib,
undo all the repressed trauma
from his childhood.
Or...
you can poison him.
But I'd suggest doing that
over the course of a few years.
That's what the article
I read says.
- They got it
to their sharpshooter.
Top of the key.
Pump fake, pump fake.
Got him up.
Oh. Oh!
Nothing but net.
You see that, Matt?
- No, I didn't.
- Well, pay attention.
- Thought you wanted
my eyes on these.
- That's why God blessed you
with two eyes, Matt.
Right?
Look.
Through the zone.
Get off me!
Iso, iso.
Crowd roars.
Johnny Stockton!
Little help, Matt?
Come on.
Come on, John.
There we go.
Yep.
Come on.
Top of the key.
Olympics.
It's the Olympics now.
- Just go back in time,
and undo all the repressed
trauma from his childhood.
- They got him.
This is for your country.
And for myself.
Oh! Oh!
Did you see that one, Matt?
- I did, John.
You did a good job
making that basket.
You're a good boy.
And a great boss.
And you know what else, John?
I love you.
- I'm sorry.
What was that?
- I love you, buddy.
And I'm so proud of you.
- God damn it, Matt.
There's a line,
and as usual,
you use those long,
repulsive legs
to leap right over it.
I'm your boss,
for Christ sake!
I'll say
who loves who around here!
And the only thing that I love
is professionalism
in the workplace!
So get the fuck out!
And you can forget about
re-watching that Thai boys doc!
Because I'm changing
the password to Boundaries123!
Oh, damn it.
Now he knows the new one.
- You'd be surprised
by how many cars
crash into mailboxes,
right up there with fire
hydrants and outdoor weddings.
Fortunately, you're covered
for all the damages.
You were smart
to get that extended warranty.
- I wasn't going to,
but then Debby
talked me into it.
You know Debby, right?
- Yes, I knew Debby.
- Do you know
what happened to her?
- The company really doesn't
want us to talk about it.
- Why not?
What happened?
- I'm sorry, Jacob.
I really can't say.
But have I answered
all your questions today?
- No, you clearly haven't.
- Well,
that's very unfortunate
because customer satisfaction
is our number one priority,
and the thing is,
you're gonna receive
a survey about your--
- This is for Jacob.
- No!
- And anything less
than a five is--
- Five out of five!
You get a five out of five.
Five out of five!
I'm completely satisfied
with my experience,
and I want everyone to know!
Five out of five.
Five out of five!
- Debby Deberson.
Wow!
It was not easy
tracking you down.
It's quite a game
you were running,
masquerading
as the five-star employee,
the person on the inside
funneling cars
to a ring of thieves.
- At last, we've caught
the queen of car lot larceny.
Want to know
how we finally did it?
- It was Jacob's
four-star review, wasn't it?
- No.
Actually, it was...
just one star.
This was a blue
2020 Jupiter Scimitar
that we recovered from a boat
headed to Venezuela.
And from there, we just put
all the pieces together.
- Hey, Agent Roman?
- Yeah?
- Good job.
- Oh.
- Five out of five.
- Sorry I'm late.
- Make that six out of five.